Rules for contributing to this Code. First, please try to understand what this repository is about: Simplified Vanilla Javascript routines to make creating and maintaining websites easier. Hopefully, that will help people create websites that are more expressive of who they are. I don't use arrow functions, ternary operators (assignment statements with ? and :, or || in assignment statements. Other shortcuts are fine, so long as they're clear. My variable and function names are formatted as all lowercase with interleaving _ as in x_press. My names look like that to easily distinguish them from other javascript. I don't use const, but that's fine. I assign global variables without using var. I don't use let much, but that's fine. The main thing is to keep the code clear, easy to maintain, fast, and low overhead.
Next, only contribute to this code if you want to. Propose what you want to contribute. Then, show me the change so I can confirm that it conforms to my standards. Then, we can figure out how to give you credit and add your contribution. Thank you in advance.
x_press functions use x_press.js and possibly x_press.css. CSS can be used with the other .js, but might have to be created.
I use arrays / lists. Objects are fine, I just don't use them much.
x_press - main functions are x_press which handles entity and tag-like things in html and/or javascript. Entities look like html-entities, but are not. x_press entities start with ampersand and end with semi-colon. In between those two characters is a very short code like an apostrophe. This will create a curly/fancy apostrophe / right single quote. Curly left single quote uses lowercase L followed by single quote. lowercase R followed by single quote is the same as just a single quote. Double Quotes can be used with L and R. N-Dash is n-. M-Dash is m-, etc. Some emojis can be written this way. Website maintainers can easily define their own entities. <indent> places an indent span in the text. There are a few other tag-like items. Website maintainers can easily define their own.
x_press contains x_accent function which let's you use entity notation to combine letters and accents into an accented letter. x_script turns text into script-like unicode characters that look like text. x_script can also scrunch text or write it vertically.
x_press provides very lower overhead social share and connect functions.
x_press will parse the current url for you automatically. x_press contains many other functions. If you think of other functions that would be a fit for x_press, please propose them.
After I had developed many of the functions in x_press, I wanted to add some simple animations. That was enough code that I created a separate file - xa_animate.js. xa_animate animates card opening and closing. Opening and closing might be rotating or flipping the card. It might mean opening the front of the card. It might mean fading the front of the card. Etc. One requirement of xa_animate is to allow the Website Maintainer to choose hover or click. IMHO too many animations take off and never stop. That prevents me from getting work done. It can also cause seizures in some people. I think it best to let the user start any animation and to end that animation fairlyl soon. I think I've handled all of the card animations. If you think of others, please propose them. Also, if you think of other types of animations that you'd like to see, propose those as well. 
Next, I developed xg_graphics.js and xg_graphics.css. I needed to color various states on a map. The first functions I wrote were xg_svg function since that map was an svg map. I needed the functions to keep the svg coding simple. More svg functions are welcome. Next, I wanted to create some simple bar charts. I did that with xg_chart functions. But, then I saw way to simplify several Google graphs. So, I abandoned xg_chart and wrote xg_google_graphs. Both are still open for improvements. But, I think most people will prefer to use Google graphs. If you work with some other graph generator and want to contribute simple functions for generating those graphs, make a proposal. Next, I wanted to create some simple shapes. I created these using css style - mostly shape-outside. I tried to use clip-path, but that was too difficult. More shapes can be added. Better documentation is needed. 
Recently, I tried to simplify html/javascript canvas with xg_canvas routines. Those functions work and are complete except for xg_canvas_draw_hatchmark which is not finished. I stopped working on those functions for a few reasons: I couldn't get things to draw where I wanted them too - xy seems to not always start at 0,0 as top,left. Resolution wasn't fine enough. I couldn't figure out how to draw over something else. Mozilla/MDN says that canvas can draw too many resources and I want to avoid that. Nothing I did drew too many resources, but with the other issues, I went back to using an image editor for what I was trying to do. xg_canvas uses 2-element array global variables, to keep the coding simple. Canvas functions use parameters, but you have to remember the order of the parameters which can vary. So xg_canvas functions have the Website Maintainer set those arrays and then call xg_canvas functions which figure out what parameter goes where and execute the canvas function. If you want to continue this work, let me know and have at it.
I wanted to do some work with files using only vanilla javascript, so I created xd_data. I didn't get very far. It's not doubt better to use backside code to work with files. xd_data is definitely open to enhancements.
xf_form.js and .css make it easier to work with forms - I focused on menus, calculators, and contact forms. I'm sure there are other uses for forms that might need additional functions.
All proposals and contributions are appreciated, even if I decide that x_press, etc. isn't a proper place for them. Those I accept, will get added here and in copy of these functions on my website Stubbart.com.
Finally, if someone can let me know what I need to do to make this github documentation etc. more useable / readable, please let me know.
Dale Stubbart - keeping the complex simple and making the world a better place for all.
